version:3.1.7
Millénaire: 日本建筑

村庄中心

Shuudannoujou: 大农场. The center of an Agricultural village where the farmer and his wife live. The Villagers bring crops, wood, and stone to the Shuudannoujou.

Bousai: 要塞. This building houses the Shuken and his wife and can be upgraded into a mighty stronghold with walls and watchtowers.

Kumonjo: 帝国办公室.The Japanese would build huge Imperial Offices to center their villages. The Overseer and his Wife reside here, keeping watch over the village day and night. All building plans for the village are fabricated here, as well as additional plans and proposals.
NEW_PAGE
住宅

Shoko: 档案馆. This building has all the information on the villagers in the village.

Tansetsu: 军匠铺. A Tansetsu can make All Japanese military weapons and Armour. They can make the Tachi Sword and the lethal Yumi Bow. They can also make a variety of Japanese Armour. They need a man to be the Smith to make the weapons and a wife to sell it.

Tansetsu: 铁匠铺. This is the place where Iron tools are made and sold. The Kajiya makes the tools needed to do other jobs faster. The player can also buy tools here.

Shugi Ie: 手工艺房子. Produces and sells Paper from rice, it also produces paper walls to be sold in the main building and Timber frames.

Gyogyo and Tsuribori: 渔场. The Ryoushi, or Fisherman, spends his time at this building to catch fish for the village.

Kodachi: 小树林. The Japanese Kikori cuts down trees here.

Shijin: 旅馆. This is where traders come and rest after they have travelled from another village carrying goods.

Daidokoro: 厨房. This is where the food is cooked and Udon is made. It also sells chicken and fish.

Kikori Koya: 伐木工的小屋. This is the house in which the Lumberman and his wife reside. He chops wood, brings it home, and the wife delivers it to the village center.

Bourou: 瞭望塔. The Lookout Tower is more a decorative building which is built mostly at the edges of the village. But its  main reason for being built is so the guards can see enemies approaching from afar.

Suiden: 稻田. The villagers plant rice on this field. It is cultivated by peasants and women, . Women bring the rice to the centre, where it can be bought by the player.

Buttou: 宝塔. This is where the villagers come to pray and its where the Souryo lives.

Noufu Ie: 平民的房子. This is the home where the Peasant and his wife lives.

Saisekijou: 采石场. This is where the Koufu and his wife lives. Stone is mined from here and delivered back to the village center.

Heisha: 守卫的房子. In this house lives a warrior or guard with his wife.

Noujou Nojo: 小麦农场. This is where The farmer and his wife lives. He will gather and grow wheat here.
NEW_PAGE
装饰建筑

Ike: Pond A decorative building that is nice to walk through.

Torii: 山门. A beautiful gate like structure where the villagers come to pray.