version:3.1.7
Millénaire: 日本人

村庄领袖

Shuken しゅくん: 领主. 这个人住在拥有高大围墙的要塞中, 在那里统治着他的子民. 他有时会出来巡逻和猎杀怪物. 他会保护他的村庄远离死亡的威胁,并且会杀死任何威胁到他村子的人.

Kokushi こくし: 监工. 监工会通过帝国办公室来保证村庄的运作. 监工可以让村庄专注生产,并让鼓励村民祈祷. 他还会收取高额税收并且让村民们心甘情愿, 从而让自己不受抱怨.

Chōkan ちょうかん: 族长. 这个人是个平民, 但是因为如本需要大量种植食物,因此需要有一个人来领导农业村庄. 这个人是村中选出的资格最老的人. 他会为村民的耕作技术和防御怪物的方法提出建议.
NEW_PAGE
女性

Jojoufu じょじょうふ: 勇敢的女人. This is the wife of a guard or soldier. She will do normal tasks such as farming in the fields or making thatch. But when the men are out fighting she gets tasked with defending the village to her last breath. Be careful how you look at her as one wrong movement of the eyes and you've had it.

Reifujin れいふじん: 夫人. This women is the wife of a rich man usually the village leader. She tries to make herself look beautiful and doesn't do much else... at all.

Tsuma つま: 妻子. These women do the tasks that the men don't want to do like tend to the fields, make thatch and cook food. This is boring, backbreaking work but they can't complain without certain repercussions. However without these women the village will starve.
NEW_PAGE
Men

Kikori きこり: 伐木工. This man knows his trees and knows which ones to cut down for building. He raises each tree from a sapling till they are tall enough to be chopped down for wood. He will also take part in raiding other villages.

Saikushi さいくし: 匠人. This man creates paper from rice and makes paper walls from that. he will also make timber frames for the village as well. Without him the village will look horribly dull and there will be nothing to distract people raiding the village as they pass through.

Hyakushou ひゃくしょう: 小麦农夫. This man plants wheat on his farm to store for food. He has his own plot of land and looks after it well.

Kaji かじ: 军匠. The Kaji is a soldier himself. Skilled in the art of crafting weapons and armour he has been given the position of blacksmith to make weapons that do not break on impact and armour that can stop the sharpest of weapons.

Kajiya かじや: 铁匠. The Kajiya is a villager that knows his way around a furnace and how to make the tools for everyday jobs in the village. This man can get very wealthy if his tools are quality and have a high demand.

Bushi ぶし: 武士. The Bushi class are all the educated warriors in a Heian period army. They go to war with other villages and have a Yumi Bow or a Tachi Sword as their weapons. They show no mercy and accept any challenge. 

Keibou けいぼう: 守卫. The Keibou guards the village from invaders. They can also go to war with other villages if needs be. They have a Yumi Bow or a Tachi Sword as their weapons. I wouldn't mess with these guys.

Chounin ちょうにん: 商人. The Chounin trades goods (building materials, food etc) with other villages and gets much needed goods in return. After a long day traveling the Chounin likes to relax in the hospitable Inn.

Ryoushi りょうし: 渔夫. Ryoushi are the fishermen in the village and go fishing in the lake outside his house. The Ryoushi sometimes has no luck fishing and can't reach his daily quota.

Koufu こうふ: 矿工. The Koufu slaves away mining stone and sand. He also makes glass from sand and stone from cobblestone with his furnace.

Souryo そうりょ: 僧侣. The Souryo is a very respectable man and knows the way of Buddhism deeply. Villagers come to this man for advice on how to be at peace with themselves.

Noufu のうふ: 平民. Peasants build buildings in the village and farm on the rice paddy. He will also slaughter chickens for food. There is no rest for the peasants.
NEW_PAGE
Children

Danshi だんし: 十几岁的男孩. Old enough to move in to a building and have their own profession. Every Danshi dreams of becoming a warrior but most of the time thier dream doesn't come true.

Jou じょう: 十几岁的女孩. She is old enoungh to move away from home and get married where she will then use the skills she learnt from her mother in the real world.

Otokonoko おとこのこ: 男孩. Plays around the village and slower grows older.

Onnanoko おんなのこ: 女孩. Plays around the village and slower grows older.